it's ceramic should stay on this campus
ground a ramp I should stay for a
classmate would you be willing could you
be mine it's the campus lead a on this
rambling found a campus lead a for a ram
would you be mine could you be mine I
have always wanted to have a suspect
just like you I've always wanted to go
to this university with you so let's
make the most of this rambunctious day
since we're together might as well say
you be mine could you be mine won't you
be my classmate won't you please please
hello classmates hi I'm Kate Cuba I am
earning my bachelor's degree in
technical and business writing I am a
student worker within the IT department
I am also an SI leader for biology 14 10
and 14 11 I like to wear packing
material on my feet and I ma